## Design Challenge Rationale
For each task, please give a brief description of your process, your reasoning used to make the changes and how you feel the change benefits the overall app. We work collaboratively at Planning Center, so being able to communicate the intent, purpose or motivation of your change is often just as important as the code itself!

We know that Ai plays a role in our lives in different ways. We understand the desire to utilize Ai tools when attempting to do our best work. We're ok with that. When submitting this design and code challenge, if you choose to use Ai along the way, we ask that you'd provide us with the specific areas where you utilized these tools. That will provide us with a better picture of your submission overall. Thanks!

### Task 1: Update form accessibility
This was an interesting one. I began by taking a look at the functionality of the form to see what was happening on the users end. The first things I immediately noticed was that the credit card number input had up and down arrows on it. The same was with the CVC number. I also noticed that you had to manually type in the slash for the date as well as that the date lets you type anything into it. Examining the code, I noticed and changed the following things:
1. Updated the semantic HTML of the project to be a form.
2. Updated ID from "name" to "cardNumber" on cc number, while not effecting accessibility, it helps with readability of the code .
3. Added htmlFor to the labels to connect with corresponding inputs. This will help with screen reader accessibility as well as linking the labels to the inputs.
4. Changed field types of cc number and CVC as the number type doesn't seem to fit here quite right. After doing some research, it looks like it is usually recommended to use a text type with further validation instead. This change fixes side effects of the keyboard arrow buttons incrementing the number as well as removes the arrows. Validation of input is moved to event handler to keep same functionality. inputmode="numeric" was added to allow for the number keyboard on mobile devices.
5.  Add names to field inputs. Noticed name was not being properly passed to the created Input component. Corrected input component to properly set the name of the input. This will allow the information to be passed to the server properly.
6. Added proper autocomplete attributes to form inputs. I then noticed that autoComplete was not being used by the input component, so I added it to that component so that it would properly be passed. This will benefit the user in that it will allow the browser to autofill the correct information if they've entered it on other pages before.
7. After fixing the things that I noticed, I used a chrome plugin called "Silktide" to double check my work. It caught a typo in an id that would affect the accessibility of the form so I fixed that as well. 

### Task 2: Build UI based on wirefrme

1. I started by creating the semantic HTML for the first page of the budget section. Focusing on the top income/allocated/remaining section. I gave each of these labels an h3, since an h2 is used to describe the section as budget at the top, and styled them according to the wireframe. These will act as the headers for this section
2. Moving on to the category section, I created a new component called category that takes an icon, a category label, and an amount. After creating this component, I then map over them passing in the appropriate information.
3. For the button at the bottom to add an item, I created a new variant type for the button, "outline-full", which is the same as the outline, however it takes up the entire space of its parent component and centers the text. This allowed me to create a nice looking full length button.
4. For the new category section, category name and limit are regular text inputs. The icon selection is a set of radio buttons. The actual inputs are hidden and the labels are used to display the icons. Because the labels contain only icons and no text, "aria-label" is used to allow those using screen readers to understand what the icon is.
5. For the buttons on the bottom, I again created a new button variant that is called, "filled-full". This variant is the same as the "outline-full", except that it has a filled background. These buttons or then set next to each other with "display: flex".
6. To add the commas, I found an awesome function online that uses a regular expression to add commas to numbers to format them correctly.

### Task 3: Refactor to add visual hierarchy
1. I started by formatting out the top part of the page with the total balance. I swapped around the HTML to make the balance be the heading and the number be a paragraph. This makes more sense to me, as someone who is navigating the page using a screen reader would be looking for their balance and not a dollar amount. I then did some styling to make it look how it did before with the number being bigger and the word balance being smaller.
2. For the different transactions I knew that I wanted to go with a card because previous pages such as the credit card page had already utilized that design pattern. I think that this helps the user form a pattern in their mind of what to expect to look for, as well as saves us some time in designing new things. I think cards are great for encapsulating lists of information, especially when everything on the list has the exact same type of information. 
3. I further drew inspiration from the previous page that used the credit card information to have an icon on the side. I was inspired by the default view of contacts on the iPhone when you create it of just the initials. I decided to just take all of the capital letters that are used in each description and display the first two as the initials in the icon.
4. I explore the option of having them be different colors based on what is shown, that way if they have two transactions from the same vendor they would be the same color. Initially, I tried out random colors, which proved to not work with the different contrast of the text color. Sometimes the color was too dark and you couldn't see the letters. I then tried to use a small selection of colors that where predefined. This did work in offering that visual clarity, however, I believe that the colors ended up being too distracting from the overall look of the page and landed on making all of them a light blue from the color scheme.
5. As for the hierarchy of the text in the card, I use the icon as a landmark to draw the users eyes to it. For example, if they're looking for bank of America, BA will stick out from the page. I then decided to make the description slightly bigger than normal text as well as make it bold so that it sticks out. I made the category as well as the date smaller as I believe these are sections that the user would search for less often, with the caveat of the date. While smaller, people often do use this to locate charges, so I put it in the bottom right hand corner so that it is easy to find when you are scrolling through the items. Lastly, I went for the classic green and red for deposits and payments respectively as again, that is already something that a user has likely ran into before, so I wanted to play on the previous experience of the user.
### Notes:
This was an awesome challenge. It let me stretch in different directions to tackle different problems. Thank you for the opportunity, I look forward to hearing back soon.
